[enterprise-4.15] OBSDOCS-1031: Add deprecation info for prometheus-adapter to OCP 4.15… (#75713)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-15-release-notes.adoc

|General Availability
|Deprecated

> |`prometheus-adapter` component thet collects resource metrics from Prometheus and exposes them in the metrics API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`prometheus-adapter` component that queries resource metrics from Prometheus and exposes them in the metrics API.
```

To replace this feature, Prometheus functionality has been improved to ensure that alerts and time aggregations are accurate.
This improved functionality is active by default and makes the dedicated service monitors feature obsolete.

[id="ocp-4-15-prometheus-adapter-for-core-platform-monitoring"]
==== Prometheus Adapter for core platform monitoring

> With this release, the Prometheus Adapter component for core platform monitoring is deprecated. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this release, the Prometheus Adapter component for core platform monitoring is deprecated and is planned to be removed in a future release. Red{nbsp}Hat will provide bug fixes and support for this component during the current release lifecycle, but this component will no longer receive enhancements and will be removed.
```

The component is replaced by Metrics Server to ensure a more simplified and lightweight solution, because Metrics Server does not rely on Prometheus for its functionality. 
Metrics Server also ensures scalability and a more accurate tracking of resource metrics. 

> This improved functionality is active by default if you enable the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` option in the `FeatureGate` custom resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this release, the improved functionality of Metrics Server is available by default if you enable the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` option in the `FeatureGate` custom resource.
```
